It’s kinda funny how quickly one can go from “today was a great, productive day” to “I wish I had the courage to just fucking end it already”.
Anyone else not want to die and not want to kill themselves but just wish they could just stop existing
My mom died 3 hours ago
Raped in front of my girlfriend. feeling like giving up.
'If you were actually suicidal you'd have killed yourself already and not tell anybody' FUCK OFFFFFFF
I like sleeping because it's the closest thing to not existing that i can experience.
I fucking hate/despise/loathe how money is everything in this fucking life.
I wish I could walk into a hospital, throw my arms up and say “here are my organs. I don’t want them anymore. Donate them to someone who will make better use of them.”
Dear mom, i really dont care about my grades right now. I'm trying to keep your only son alive.
Someone sarcastically told me to kill myself and i just replied " i tried , didnt work"
I’m starting to feel like I’m meant to commit suicide the same way as someone else is meant to become a doctor or to get married. It’s just the path I was meant to take
I’ve seen child porn on the internet. I will never be the same again.
If I could switch positions with someone dying from a terminal illness who wants to live I’d do it in a heartbeat
My psychiatrist telling me that suicide is a "permanent solution to temporary problem," and then turning around to tell me that my depression is incurable and will likely require a lifetime of therapy and medication.
I feel embarrassed but....does anyone else get extremely depressed and suicidal when you see a cute person and remember that you’ll always be single and never have a family of your own
Just called the suicide hotline
Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is allowed here. Not today or any day.
I'm a fully-functioning suicidal.
Sleep just Isn't sleep anymore, It's an escape.
I think about killing myself everyday but deep down I don't want to die. I just want a better life.
I hate how I can turn from being fine to feeling like killing myself in just seconds
throwing away my blades today
It's ironic how one suicidal person comforts the other.
Imagine getting only one shot at life and it's this
Why does my mind go straight to suicide every time I'm extremely upset?
Police showed up.
i told my mum i want to kill myself. she said, “ok, just don’t do it in my house.”
I’m so fucking sick of the “it gets better” and “keep pushing forward” bullshit. Every single second of the day I think about not being here. Why can’t people just get that? I’ve been to therapy, been on medication, went to the gym, eaten healthy, and so on and it’s not a cure. I’m done.
“nobody cares unless your beautiful, popular, or dead.”
I wish i could donate my life to the person who truly wants to live
Having a bad day
It’s extremely messed up that you can’t even go to a psych hospital for help with suicidal thoughts without getting a multi-thousand dollar hospital bill.
Not a single person actually cares unless you kill yourself
I am never "suicidal enough" to be heard. I am too well-dressed, too articulate, too friendly "too" everything to be worthy of any support.
Being suicidal but knowing I’m not actually going to kill myself hurts.
New wiki on how to avoid accidentally encouraging suicide, and how to spot covert incitement
Is anyone else entering the New Year wishing they were dead?
I hate how people dismiss us when we openly say that we are suicidal but when someone keep quiet and kill them selves people be shocked like “They never said anything I didn’t know” WAKE TF UP AND LOVE ME STOP DISMISSING HOW I FEEL
I kinda wish my family didn't love me so I could kill myself in peace.
Today I realized that I'm probably going to actually commit suicide sometime in my life.
Why are other suicidal people so nice and understanding but all the while still wanting to kill themselves?
Can't die yet. Gotta wait for my Amazon package.
I work. I exercise. I eat healthy. I take my fucking meds. I still want to kill myself.
I wonder what it feels like to have never considered suicide
I just saw a post asking “If you committed suicide a year ago what beautiful things would you have missed?”. I can’t think of a single thing.
“suicide is a permanent solution for a temporary problem” makes no sense whatsoever
Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.
You know what sucks? Staying alive purely for other people when you know this life isn’t worth it :)
Plans foiled by a f**king cat
I'd say its kinda a weird reason to live but, I really like Minecraft
I DONT WANNA "ACHIEVE" SHIT OR "LEAVE A MARK" OR "SEE THE WORLD" I HATE IT HERE AND I WANT REST
People say life gets better, but that’s a fucking lie.
The fact that suicidal ideation is so normalized makes it impossible to get help
i drank bleach
I’m sorry, but I’m going to do it. My cat must know, he is on my lap. At midnight I will do it. Please help me. Any body. I’m honestly done. I don’t care if I’m 13. I just want it to end
People always say; "just" get a job, "just" find a new hobby, "just" go for a walk, "just" make new friends. Newsflash: IT DOESN'T FUCKING WORK.
remember when "I'll kill you" used to be a threat? now it's like, PLEASE MOTHERFKER, GO AHEAD!
Does anyone else have this really destructive pattern of feeling suicidal and ruining everything in your life because you think you won’t be around to deal with it, only to fail or not even attempt suicide and have to try to pick up the pieces?
I fucking hate yelling.
I told my parents I was suicidal. They laughed at me
I find myself googling "I just want to kill myself" pretty much every day.
anyone else just staying alive for other people at this point?
Being suicidal throughout your young adult years is very strange and leaves you in a weird place when you hit your 20s because you never really had a plan to get this far to begin with, never mind have a plan for the next 50+ years.
I don’t wish I was dead, I wish I never existed.
“Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” I hate sayings like this with all my heart.
I'm a COVID-19 nurse in an intensive care unit, and I can't cope
Watch out for a PM scammer asking people to purchase items from an amazon wishlist.
I wanted to commit suicide today but then I got Taco Bell instead
Chocolate saved my life
I tried to hang myself a few hours ago and failed, now i feel dumb and decided to not do it anymore
I’ve decided that I won’t kill my self
I attempted suicide, almost died and did *not* regret it. Am I truly doomed
Ever been so depressed that you avoid mirrors because you hate the person you see
You have to be brave to commit suicide, isnt it ironic?
“Jumping of a bridge is suicide and bad. But jumping off a bridge and yelling PARKOUR is just a stunt gone wrong” - My brain every time I’m near heights
"You are not depressed, you are lazy " These words haunt me ,and due to them I am afraid of approaching others for help.
People really don't realise how much their comments hurt.
It fucking hurts to know that not even your own mind accepts you.
Being called childish while suicidal is simply heartbreaking
People who say “it’s a bad day, not a bad life” are the fucking worst
I hate the misconception that people who are suicidal don't think about how their family and friends will be impacted.
Going back to the psych ward
Does anyone else constantly teeter between planning how to kill yourself and planning how to fix your life?
People with a supportive family don't realize how fucking privileged they are.
i wish nobody cared about me so i could kill myself without destroying other lives in the process
I hope no one will cry at my funeral, I was already dead inside for a long time and they didn't care.
I don’t want to study, I don’t want to work, I don’t want to get married, I don’t want a family
Nothing is worse than your birthday when you're suicidal.
I nearly killed myself today
Someone please listen before I’m gone
People don't give a fuck about you until you're dead. I fucking hate humanity
Sorry little dude
Job hunting is wild when you're suicidal
I’m a Nurse who killed people
You ever just leave an awkward conversation and think “Wow. I should really just kill myself.”?
I wish I could just die without killing myself
I hate how comforting the thought of suicide can be.
What's the point of calling the suicide hotline if they send the cops to your place and get you arrested?
Why do people try to guilt people into not committing suicide by saying "your family and friends will miss you."? If I'm dead I'm pretty sure I won't care if they're sad
I can't stand it when people post suicide hotlines.
Just been notified that the cancer in my dad has spread and that he is about to die. I dont want to be an orphan. I lost my mom to cancer five years ago, my uncle in december 2020 and half my family is already dead. I cant. I will kill myself when he dies. Tha pain is too much. Not again.
I want to fucking die.
Going into 2021 still wanting to die
I wanted to jump off a bridge, but I got a burrito instead.
I just opened up to someone about me having suicidal thoughts and they legit replied with “you have a life better than so many others” like 😃
I am so scared of the future.
fuck people who say trauma is the way to become stronger
I'm a garbage collector and so tired of being used as the example of who nobody wants to be
I just realised that people don't really care about my mental health. They just care that I'm not a whining bitch anymore.
I bet if I killed myself in my apartment, I could easily go about a month before anyone realized
I’m an attractive white man from a wealthy family. The odds were always in my favor. I think I’m gonna shoot myself in the face.
Sleep is a temporary solution to a permanent problem
No one cares about your life until you say you want to end it
The thing is, I KNOW things can get "better" for me. It's just that I don't care anymore.
My wife committed suicide, i want to follow her
I would rather kill myself than live my entire life poor and struggling
Reminder: Absolutely no activism of any kind is allowed here. Any day.
My cat is the only reason I'm still alive.
I'd be 80-90% less suicidal if I didn't have money problems.
3 days ago was my birthday, I should’ve done it but my dog and a redditor saved my life
I've ruined my potential
tried to shoot myself last night, the bullet got stuck
The worst point is always when I realise I'm not actually going to do it
Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.
I just phoned a suicide hotline... what a fucking joke.
If I go downstairs right now and tell my mum I'm planning to hang myself tonight and I want her to help me survive the night she'll say I'm just attention seeking, but after I die tonight she'll spend months crying about her poor dead daughter to get sympathy.
My therapist said I made her uncomfortable
"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." .... Yeah that sounds fucking amazing.
I love it when people say "you're not alone" and yet here I am, alone.
The logistics of killing yourself are so endlessly, frustratingly complicated
Only reason I haven’t tried killing myself is because I’m scared of surviving and having to explain myself
Today I tried to kill myself
You know something's wrong when your first reaction towards someone else's suicide is jealousy, not sadness.
Am I simply just too lazy to live?
Does anybody else dress like a homeless person cause they stopped caring about their appearance?
Stuck between “I want to better myself” to “I should just end it all right now.”
I don't wanna live but i don't have balls to kill myself.
Staying alive for other people is so fucking hard
The hardest part of being suicidal
Parents who are “there for you” until your mental illness becomes slightly intolerable for them.
I'm quadriplegic, my girlfriend left me and I hate my life
Im 16 and i want to kill myself
I don’t see the point in living when I’m suppose to work my whole life?
I consider suicide every day, but I don't think i'll actually ever do it.
My mom is soo wise guys like literally
Gf tried to kill her self 4 days in a row, now I’m on 24/7 watch duty and my life is being ruined.
It’s pissing me off that I can’t have a conversation with anyone about suicide without them thinking I’m going to immediately kill myself.
Even if I don't commit suicide, I feel my whole life's been wasted on suicidal thoughts
Whenever things get shitty I just think about killing myself and it makes me feel better.
I hate my parents for having me
I've gone to a hotel at the other end of the country to kill myself
“You’re not alone.” Yes, the fuck I am.
This quote about suicide is feeling far too accurate
WHY IS KILLING YOURSELF SO DIFFICULT.I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS SHIT.I WANT PEACE.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i regret not having attempted to kill myself when i had the chance. i feel so trapped now. i really don’t know what to do anymore.
I'd like to raise a toast to those of us sticking around because the cats can't feed themselves!
When I was 15 I tried to kill myself and everyone told me I had my whole life ahead of me. I’ve just turned 52. Can I go now?
it’s my birthday today
The worst part is when you reach the stage where no tears come out no matter how hard you try and instead you carry a dull ache around your heart everyday.
Wake up sleep deprived, go to work, come home too tired to do anything, go to bed, can't sleep, repeat. Life is hell, and it isn't worth the few fleeting moments of happiness because for every 1 moment of happiness, there's 100 moments of misery.
I can’t see a future for myself that doesn’t end in suicide
Wife cheated update
i would rather kill myself than get a job
My mom is dying, and i'm killing myself when it happens
I think the only thing stopping me from killing myself is the fact I do not like pain.
I’ve been dead for 4 years now
I'm a pedophile and I think I'm ready to kill myself
I want to be alive
8 billion people, and for some stupid reason I needed to be born too. And you too, if you feel the same way about your existence.
I hate how when you’re depressed you just forget everything. You forget to do stuff and you forget the stuff you did. Time passes without you realising and instead of doing nothing for ten minutes you did nothing for three hours but you didn’t even realise you were actually living.
Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Suicidal people don’t want to die, they just want the pain to stop.
Has anyone been suicidal for so long but don’t have the courage to end it so you end up isolating yourself from everyone so people forget you eventually?
Why does everyone get angry when you're suicidal?
School starts tomorrow :/
Fuck
Life is a scam.
I hate how your brain teases you with random moments of motivation/hope/joy/etc. then plunges you back into feeling like subhuman trash for days or weeks on end
Passive suicidal thoughts are taking over my life.
My girlfriend killed herself
The reason I love my bed and sleeping so much is because it’s the closest to death I can get for now, it’s like a free trial
I’m more afraid to live another 60 years than dying.
Am i going crazy or is this world litteral hell ?
I'm never going to the guidance counselor again
Online school is really making me consider suicide
My sister committed suicide last night.
Nobody talks about the after attempt
I HAVEN'T HAD AN ACTUAL HUMAN CONVERSATION WITH ANYONE FOR 3 FUCKING YEARS. I'M SO FUCKING LONELY AND SAD I'M GOING INSANE, I'M CHOCKING I'D RATHER LITERALLY DROWN PLEASE JUST MAKE IT STOP I'M LOSING MY MIND
Wife left me, job fired me in the same day...
I wish depression was a physical illness too
As soon as you die that’s when everyone gives a fuck .
Some of us were just born to lose.
weird how our own brains can destroy us
They'll let you be homeless but tell you suicide is "never the answer"..
Reminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.
I wish I fucking die in my sleep
I'm fucked. Oh so fucked.
I wish I was allowed to commit suicide.
Widowed by suicide on Christmas
I can’t kill myself bc of friends and family. I wish I could just die suddenly and naturally.
I hate people saying "Don't kill yourself, some people will be sad about you"
My wife of 15 years doesn’t think she ever loved me. I’m going to kill myself on our cruise next week. 
"If you were REALLY suicidal, you wouldn't tell anyone about it. You'd just do it."
Has anyone had a good day but still wanted to kill themselves?
I FUCKING HATE HOW PEOPLE TELL ME TO FIND SOMETHING THAT I ENJOY, THAT THING DOESN'T FUCKING EXIST!
i hate myself so much.
I’m so sick of trying to tell people I’m suicidal and having positivity shoved in my face
I’m 26. I live at home. I can’t handle the stress of a 40 hour work week. I’m your town’s loser who never made it out.
I'm ugly
Just because it got better for YOU doesn’t me it’ll get better for ME
I wish I died when I was a happy child
Fuck You Dad
My Mom showed off my suicide letter like it was a fashion statement
Anyone else going to miss the part of them that could have been so great?
“Grades don’t define you.” I have a hard time believing that.
Fuck off with the "it gets better" bs. ive felt this way for 7 years.
I cannot believe how undeniably hard it is to kill yourself.
I’m sick and tired of nobody giving a fuck about how you feel unless you’re cutting yourself or want to kill yourself.
I opened up
the suicide hotline is a joke
“You’re not alone” doesn’t help me and I don’t know why anybody thinks it will
Last year I was miserable and depressed but I turned that shit around this year;
How can people not wanna be dead? Like honestly I’m at a point where I’m about to just snap and kill self and I’m only 21. I swear nothing I do changes the way I look at life. Everyday just seems like it gets worse and It’s starting to make living impossible.
Do you ever have a really good dream but then wake up back to reality and tasting that fleeting moment of happiness makes you just want to fucking die so much?
It was easier for me to buy this gun than get proper mental health support.
don’t you guys just love the feeling of being asleep
Life is money money money money money money
I refuse to be an adult. i refuse all of this shit. I'm not just another number in the machine. How dare my parents impose life upon me? Who gave them the right?Fuck humanity. Fuck life, the universe was a mistake. I can't believe i was dragged into this shitshow.
No one cares until you're about to kill yourself
My entire life ive lived in my head
My sister wants me to kill myself and I agree with her
Scroll, stare at wall, want to kill myself, cry, scroll, stare at wall, scroll, cry, want to kill myself, want to kill myself, cry, stare, scroll, kill, stare, scroll, cry, kill, cry cry cry cry
I'm going to kill myself in about 10 minutes.
I would rather kill myself than go to work
Having to go to work everyday just to survive on this planet makes me want to kill myself. Its fucking slavery.
My sister tried to kill herself two days ago.
quarantine would be heaven if i lived alone
I never realized how little people care about me until I started having mental health problems.
I hate people who say suicidal people are selfish.
A letter to a friend who'll never read it.
I hate being a guy
It’s time to be realistic.
Does anyone else just feel like disappearing socially? Nuking social media, cutting ties to your family & friends, etc?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
“The reason your posting here is because you really want to live”
I told my parents I’m going to kill myself and they just wished me the best
“High school is the best 4 years of your life”
I’m absolutely annoyed whenever I comment something suicidal and random people just tell me “call the national suicide prevention hotline” , I actually want people that I can relate my problems with, I don’t want a fucking hotline that doesn’t do shit.
My friend has killed himself
I’m passively suicidal in a way that suicide is always an option.
today i asked my mom why she never did anything to stop my oldest sister from sexually and physically abusing me when i was younger. she said "every person experiences something bad, no one has had a perfect life." (TW: sexual and physical abuse; child neglect)
I wish there was a reset button for life
Why was I born ugly, stupid and boring?
My husband died and I want to too
I shot myself but the bullet didn't come out 💔💔💔
Fuck everything and everyone
Ive attempted suicide and my goodbye letter was shown to everyone
I’d rather die than work for another 40 years.
Does anyone see weddings and instantly think: "That's never gonna happen for me"
The worst feeling in the world is when you don't want to be alive but you're too big of a pussy to do it because you feel obligated to stay for other people's well-being
I’ve become the person I always feared of being
I fucking hate working. Everything is meaningless. I have no motivation and everyone keeps ignoring me.
Funny how the only thing that calms my suicidal thoughts is reminding myself that it’s always an option and can do it whenever I want.
they say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. but my problem isn't temporary, it's lasted my entire life.
My mom was being nice to me today, and I’m one day sober of the thought of killing myslef:)
Do you feel like a useless NPC ?
People who fall asleep and never wake up again are truly blessed
I tried to hang myself today. I need a reason to not try again tomorrow.
I slit my arm and my chest open
Can't believe I was the sperm that won the race.
Suicide is not an choice, it's something that happens when you run out of resources to cope...
I hate to say it but thank you guys
Found the website of the psych ward I've been to and this quote made me laugh
What is the point of venting if people don't wanna see your depressing shit 90% of the time.
I'm just alive because I'm too much of a coward to die.
Early 30s, female, no friends, NO CONNECTIONS, no intellect, no attractive physical features, learning disabilities, mental illness, tons of debt, and no college degree--an impossible rut.
Please say 'life got better FOR ME' instead of generalising and assuming it'll get better for everyone
I'm a single father who's daughter just died.
I find it kinda funny that “normal” people see suicide as unimaginable or something that you’d “never do”.
I want to be dead, but I don't want to die
I lost my girlfriend to suicide last week
I fucking love sleeping
It’s really sad knowing that everyone I’ve ever known in my entire life is doing way better than me
Anyone ever lie in bed at night and think to yourself, “I could end it all right now with this (knife, gun, pills, etc)?”
Wish someone would thank me for staying alive
"it gets better" is just bullshit that people say to make you feel better when they don't know what to say.
I get so angry when I hear about people who die in their sleep because it’s not fair and it should be me.
Fluctuating between suicidal and overly optimistic
I hate living in this world. Everything is about money and I’m sick of it.
Likely won't commit suicide, but if someone pointed a gun at my head, I'd probably let them pull the trigger.
I got the knife in my hand. Gonna try and cut myself till i die. Goodbye everyone here , thanks y'all for being nicer to me than my own dad. Bye <3
I wish I can give my life to someone who actually wants it.
It hursts seeing your friends have fun when your at home thinking about whether or not you should live.
Just please read it would mean a lot to me. I’m so alone.
I'm 14. I did something horrible. I think I should die.
I wish life had a reset button.
I want to deepthroat a shotgun...
No one gives a shit until you admit you want to die
How do some of you guys still study or do stuff???
Why does everyone think therapy is some miracle cure???
Every time I consider suicide, something keeps me holding on.
The thought of killing myself gives me comfort
I wish someone loved me
I feel like killing myself after reading a book or watching a movie
Question: how do non suicidal people cope with everything
When I die fuck it i wanna go to hell
I hate that I can’t kill myself
I fucked up and let my depression take my highschool years away, both socially and academically. Now I have zero friends and am lagging behind about 5 years.
I knew I was going to kill myself even when I was a kid.
My Boyfriend  (26nb) R4p3d My Little Sister(16f) and I Can’t Cope
Why do people who DONT want to die die?
I wish I could fast forward 10 years just to see if it's worth it.
Do y’all’s ever want to kill yourself over a minor inconvenience and that makes you want to kill yourself even more cause other people have it way worse?
Even in my happiest moments I'd still rather be dead
I want to kill myself to show my friends I'm not just being an attention whore
I get suicidal when i see people doing better than me
Hey yo, FUCK YOU to whoever tied up their dog inside my chicken coop
I fucking hate seeing love and affection everywhere around me
my rape ruined my life and I can’t escape it anymore
I tried to kill myself Friday
The responses from the only 3 people I've trusted in years to let know I was suicidal.
This is by far the loneliest and saddest birthday I ever had
I told my parents about being raped
I just joined reddit. I'm 40 years old and suicidal. I have problems with porn. I've never had sex with a woman.
Bye guys!
I told my abusive narcissistic sadist of a mother to “Fuck off, eat the shit that comes out of your mouth & die painfully you sadistic cunt!” Right before cutting contact with her.
Suicide is the first thing I think of when I wake up and it is the last thing I think of before bed.
I know this is gonna sound creepy but...
Cognitive decline. Can anyone relate?
My brother killed himself and I want to be with him
Fuck Friends
My despicable legacy
I’m proud of myself
eVeRyOnE gOeS tHrOuGh dEpPrEsSiOn, YoU’rE nOt AlOnE
My therapist told me that in order to feel better I gotta suffer.
Sleeping is so peaceful, I hate waking up.
I fucking hate humans who treat suicidal people like they are some negative demons
Does anyone else ever think to themselves “any day now I’m going to kill myself”
It's kinda sad when u don't really wanna die but u don't wanna live either
depression has given me brain damage
I wish I could sleep forever.
I HATE HUMANITY
I want to kill myself to avoid the future
Gone before 2021
Can anyone spare time to talk please? Attempted suicide. No friends
I just drank enough salt to kill me twice over, what the fuck do I do??? URGENT
Please someone just notice this
I just overdosed and dont want to die
My dad recorded a video of me walking down the street
i just took all the remaining pills of my 5 prescriptions. goodbye.
People who have never experienced suicidal thoughts don’t realize how lucky they are
I tried to kill myself yesterday
Can't talk to anyone about being suicidal because it will just lead to them calling the police on me and becoming prisoner in a hospital
No one cares until it's too late. Just fake sympathies and meaningless words tossed around to make themselves feel like good people
My parents shouldn't have given birth to me
Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.
I don't bother telling anyone in my life that I'm suicidal anymore.
LIFE IS GETTING WAY TOO EXPENSIVE FOR ME. How THE HELL I AM SUPPOSED TO LIVE. FUCK THIS.
I am getting meaner and meaner every single day.
Today i was told that “Suicide is the coward’s way out. Don’t be a coward.”
Anyone else feels like a burden to their friends?
I want to kill myself more than anything but I can’t;(
Jobs are slavery , work , obey, consume or suffer .
Everyone I know is working so hard and I'm just sitting here watching.
My name is Tyler, that’s my real name this is my only account, I’m highly suicidal, have been since I was about 6-7 years old, I’m 26 now and it’s different now. I’m going to tell you my story in a new attempt to gain enough relief to fall asleep tonight. Thanks for reading if you do <3
I'm gonna kms on Christmas
My Arab Muslim mom just said to me that if abortion was permitted in islam she would aborted me
i no longer plan on making it out of 2020.
I’m terrified of being a girl.
goodbye everyone i took an overdose it wont be long now
Killing yourself is surprisingly difficult.
Being disabled has ruined my life
the plan
I don't care if I'm loved if i can't feel it.
Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
You know that feeling when you're so sad you can physically feel the pain in your chest?
Planning suicide is the only thing that makes me feel better anymore
Suicide is not irrational at all
GUILT TRIPPING IS NOT OK
People will say anything to keep you from killing yourself, even if it isn’t true
This is it. My last night on this Earth.
Take A Second To Look Around..
UPDATE THANK YOU, EVERYONE,​ WHO PUSHED ME TO LIVE!!!!!!!
sleeping is my way of not existing. I'm tired of existing
I am back :(
You ever just feel sad and want to write a huge rant but you can’t come up with the energy or the words?
ADHD is not a fucking joke. It's not quirky, it's not funny and it's not something I want.
The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I'm scared of not knowing what death is.
Please don't judge me
I take reassurance in the fact I can kill my self if things get too bad
found and performed cpr on dead friend/looking for help
Anyone else surprised they survived through 2018?
Fantasising about being saved.
People are sick
I don't want to die but I wouldn't mind if I die.
Tried to kill myself last night - failed and traumatised my mom and dad for life
I finally told my husband how I’ve been struggling recently and...
What is it called when you're not suicidal, but don't care anymore?
i kind of want to fail a suicide attempt just to show people that im struggling
Today is 4 years since I shot myself
tomorrow i’m going to admit myself to a psych ward.
I AM DEFINITELY GOING TO STAB MY STOMACH AND JUST BLEED IN BED MY HEAD CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE EVERYDAY IS GETTING WORSE FOR ME IM SORRY TO EVERYONE I REALLY AM
Does anyone else not want to die, but have intrusive thoughts like "I need to die", "Why are you still alive", "I'm not even human", etc? It's starting to really scare me.
i was raped
My students are the only thing keeping me alive
My brother killed himself 3 years ago, and now I'm older than he was
My mom is screaming about how she wish I was never born downstairs
Too much of a pussy to kill myself
Fuck society
never sharing suicidal thoughts with anyone
I live because i have cat
Being lonely IS enough to kill you
Do you ever go to sleep early wishing you never wake up?
My brain is absolutely fucking destroyed from years of porn consumption and maladaptive daydreaming
i dont want to kill myself but i see no other future other than me killing myself
I'm sorry Mommy
i wish i could donate my remaining lifespan to someone who still wanted to live
I’ve been told to “hang in there,” for 30 years now.
I feel like my default mood is suicidal
i just wanna sleep forever
For once, I just want to stop being the punchline of everyone's jokes.
Thinking about suicide comforts me.
I know no one will read this
Anyone else’s suicidal thoughts get triggered by the smallest things?
I need to die in a car crash or some other unfortunate accident. I don’t have the balls to do it myself. Please universe just give my life to someone who wants to live. I just need my life to end.
The only thing keeping me from killing myself is watching other people do it
I’m a quiet person that not good at socializing. The world reminds me everyday that I’m not wanted.
sleep just isn't sleep anymore, it's an escape.
Having to go to work every day when you don’t even enjoy being alive is the greatest scam ever.
"This is not acceptable behavior. Talk to me when you calm down."
PLEASE FUCKING KILL ME
A final goodbye
my dad killed himself day before yesterday. I don't think I can survive this. my mum died when I was 6, sister on heroin, and now he's dead. I don't see the point anymore. my whole family is dead.
My gf made an attempt
i tried coming out to my mom
If I had a gun with me right now, I wouldn't hesitate to kill myself. I just want a quick and easy way out.
I am the kid that tries to join your friend group but fails. I am the kid that can’t take a hint. I am the kid that no one likes. I am the weird kid. I want to die.
Being born ugly sets you up to fail
i hate you
I fucking hate people
I just swallowed 1000mg of Duloxetine
I tried to kill myself but survived and no one knows
I am the comedian
I can't take this fake fucking positivity shit of "it gets better" and "you're gonna make it"
Thanks reddit
I wish I could be someone else, something different. I really hate myself, I hate being me
Failed suicide attempt
I pray every night that I don’t wake up in the morning
Killing yourself is selfish.
No one really cares, they're only trying to make themselves feel good.
nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicide
Porn addiction has made me suicidal.
Woke up in tears today because I had a dream where I was crying because of how much o hated myself .Feels like a whole new level of self-hatred .
I am going to hang myself at lunch
Every time I go to sleep, I hope I never wake up
Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is ever allowed here. No matter what day it is.
Life is not worth living if you aren't rich
I will probably kill myself tomorrow bcs of my girlfriend
Well, 2022 fucking sucked.
To the child I once was, I’m so sorry for what I have done.
I'm quite convinced that depression will kill me someday, and I'm okay with that.
Games aren’t fun anymore. Books aren’t fun anymore
It’s my bday today and I didn’t get any wishes from anyone
Bruh my therapist actually used that stupid motto on me
I quit my job because it made me suicidal but now I'm depressed AND unemployed
Update
I jumped in front of a subway train a month ago
A bit ago I was so worried about how badly my suicide would affect others. Now I’m starting to care less and less.
I think I'm a pedophile and I've tried to kill myself over this. I have also committed beastiality when I was 14 years old, and I think it's connected. (TRIGGER WARNING VERY DETAILED)
I’m going to drown myself in a few hours
I feel like an NPC in a world filled with players. i’m just created to commit suicide and i can’t change the settings to stop that.
I should have never existed
reality is so disappointing, fuck life
Worst part is they won
I posted a joke on twitter so I wouldn’t kill myself
Can we not gatekeep suicidal depression?
Imagine how pleasant it would be to sleep forever
Its 1 am and I dont want to sleep because I'm not ready to wake up and deal with another fucking day.
"She didn't shower for two weeks" made my class gasp.
Wrote this while sitting on a bridge looking down
I want to kill myself in order not to go to war
Being suicidal but knowing you dont have the guts to do it is the worst feeling
well guys, i’m alive
The only meaning of life quote that makes any sense
I just wanna go to sleep, never wake up, and forever live in my fantasy world
Healthy brains don't ask that question.
I love my kitty
[URGENT] I think a friend committed suicide. Please help.
Going to fight corona soon
I want to sleep and never wake up 😴 😫😭
I tried to hang myself, the belt broke.
It’s so fucking frustrating that so many people that have zero experience with mental illness think they know what constitutes an “attention seeker” vs “reaching out”
Fuck new year.. Fuck the society.. Fuck everyone and everything..
There is no easy way to die
My parents asked me to kill myself
I jumped off a (small) bridge
I don't even want to kill myself. I want to MURDER myself, that's how much I hate myself
My brother (17) killed himself in 2017 and I'm (16) thinking of doing the same
[LONG UPDATE] 16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
I don't eat or sleep anymore and I hope it'll kill me.
My post here had not a single like or comment. I feel so alone.
Waking up is “ oh please Not again” then waiting till it’s dark again. Repeat.
Why is it so hard for some people to accept that life just isn't that great for some people?
I use it as a comfort blanket
I just called the hotline and got hung up on. Talk about feeling alone
“You have no choice but to keep fighting.” Oh, but I do. I do have a choice
Why does living with depression just feel like a series of necessary distractions?
Does anyone else feel destined to die by suicide?
I just want a hug
I tried to kill myself.
I almost died yesterday
killing myself on jan 1st 2020
I want to pass away so badly
I wouldn't care if i got tested positive for COVID and died from it.
Sick of hearing ‘it gets better’
I would rather kill myself than have a job.
I don't want to do anything but sleep and engage in escapism
Suicide is always my first thought at every minor inconvenience.
If I could exchange my life with someone who needs it more, I would.
Humans don't like broken people
My 13 YO son wrote his goodbye letter and procured a weapon
I give up
"youre not alone" makes me even more angry and alone
Life is a complete fucking joke. I don't understand why people think life matters. Because it doesn't matter.
I just want to die in my sleep.
5 more hours until I promised I'd kill myself a long time ago.
I told everyone in my life I'm going to kill myself today
Do you ever realize how easily you can exit someone's life?
i'm lucky enough to have a few people in my life who care so much for me that sometimes it actually hurts. i don't want them to wake up one day to find me dead. even if right now i can't live for myself, i will try for them.
I’ll never find my person and watching everyone around me find theirs is painful
i don't believe in god, but I've already came to the point where i'd pray to him every night that i'd get hit by a car and die or something
“If you hit rock bottom then it’s only up from there” is the biggest load of shit I’ve ever heard.
I wish I had killed myself when I was a teenager
ever just sit in bed and cry
Should i commit suicide?
I've become so accustomed to the fact that I'm going to kill myself that other people's struggles with suicide don't register to me much
I wish i could give my life
I’ve decided to 🔪myself this weekend
i am suicidal and i feel that you can only really talk to other suicidal people about suicide and depression
I want to die and join him
I wish I could give someone else my life
I hate that you can’t even mention suicidal thoughts because everyone will freak out
I’m about to kill myself
I'm 15 years old, I will kill myself next week. I need help. I need to feel that somebody understands me.
I don’t want to get “help”
It’s Father’s Day and I’m 23 and a single dad and I feel so lonely and sad, I don’t feel happy I don’t know why , I wish I wasn’t alive right now and some how died of a accident, I really wish I had some affection by someone who loves me too,
I died yesterday
Eating last meal before I hang myself. A little nervous but I'm ready.
I'm afraid one day I'll just snap and kill myself
Does anyone else think about suicide every few seconds?
This world is objectively terrible
I genuinely hate being alive
So let me get this straight...I have to do this for another 50+ years?
Last day on Earth.
My dad fired the gun
the world is too scary and i don’t want to deal with it
I only feel at peace when I think about dying
the amount of people suffering here is insane
Anything goes wrong, I immediately think of suicide
my dad just threw a knife at me and told me to kill myself so he doesn't have to live with such a horrible child
I have plans to kill myself
Really jealous when other people commit suicide
I don’t want to live without him
I fucking hate my birthday
Please read this if you have the time.
Last night I dreamt that I was happy. I'd forgotten what it felt like.
Any other students here that can’t bring themselves to do their schoolwork because of their mental health?
I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself..
FUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
The lack of empathy people have (including therapists) makes me feel like I'm too sensitive for this world.
i didn’t ask to be alive
Why do I fuck up everything
It sucks so bad when you have a bunch of great days in a row, and you feel like you’re making a ton of progression on your mental health and outlook and life in general. Then 1 bad thing happens and you’re back to feeling worthless
Death sounds really good right now. Like a nice sandwich. Like I’m starving. Like, “man, death would really hit the spot right now.”
Sometimes I wish I didn't have people who would be affected by my hypothetical suicide.
It’s crazy to think that we all have just this 1 shot at life and some people are born into much happier/richer environments than others, and some of us are just born with fucking mental illnesses and have just got to watch people be fucking happy and live normal lives
I'm transgender and my family will never accept me.
The fact I'm gonna die from suicide in the future is comforting...
I am 37 and about to lose everything that matters to me
I’m jealous of the people who have never experienced depression
Attempted suicide a few hours ago and I'm shook and so scared.
I was terminated for reporting racism & sexual harassment. The humiliation from being fired alone is suicide within its-self.
'if you kill yourself your passing your pain to someone else' pretty sure i wouldn't care if i im already dead.
I don't want to kill myself. But if death comes knocking, I wouldn't hesitate to open the door.
No one will see this but if you do, thank you 🖤
Im probably a pedophile, should i just kill myself?
I'm so embarrassed that I genuinely am considering suicide.
Bye stupid terrible world. You're all terrible.
I wish there was a reset button for life.
why did i have to be so fucking ugly
i really wanna hang myself rn. Im not going to do it, but i really want to
Goodbye
Just to thank a girl angel that appears in my dreams
I’m killing myself in a few minutes.
My mom thought my suicide attempt was just for attention
will someone read this?
My life isn't BAD bad, but I don't see the point to living. It just feels like I'm wasting away. But I don't want to kill myself either. I just want to vanish, or maybe fall into a coma.
Ordering pizza just to see a human and have someone visit me
I want to kill myself. I want to die. NSFW
God, I wish I was never born.
Police officer struggling with suicidal thoughts I cannot openly talk about.
Nobody genuinely wants to help you in the real world
What hurts the most is when you really need to call somebody but you have nobody that would want hear you.
High School (more specifically the people at it) makes me suicidal as f*ck.
Got fired for taking a dump
FFS I can't accept the reality of how society works
Suicidal Thoughts after I gave myself permanent nerve damage in my penis.
Everyone wants YOU to do something, but noone wants to help YOU in person.
Please feel free to keep scrolling. Find happiness and peace, my friends.
WHEN YOU ARE MENTALLY ILL, NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU. THE BIGGEST GASLIGHT OF OUR AGE IS BLAMING SICK PEOPLE FOR BEING SICK. i will die alone.
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHOSE NOT EXCITED FOR UPCOMING DECADE??
Im Alive. But I'm not Living.
The only thing I look forward to every day is going to sleep.
I asked last Saturday if "Anyone there" ? You answered. Thank you. I was half way through my suicide attempt.
the suicide accempt that made my life even more of a living hell
I'm not safe.
I told my mom for the first time that I tried to commit suicide
I quit.
Every time I go to sleep I hope I don't wake up
i lost everyone because of a suicide attempt
Why is it so hard to kill yourself
I don’t think I will make it through this year
Wish I could go to sleep and not wake up
"I used to be like you! But I got better! it's possible!"
My mind immediately goes to suicide when I feel the slightest emotional discomfort or instability.
If I could do it with a 100% success rate I wouldn’t second guess it
i think my online friend killed himself
When you come to the conclusion that suicide is logical.
I tried to hang myself and I’m not handling it well
I tried hanging myself yesterday and gave up as I started to fade
I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough to stay until the end. Bye
do people not realize "you realize so and so has it worse right?" is the most shitbag excuse ever?
It’s crazy how some people will live their entire lives without ever considering suicide
i almost killed myself
I wish someone would shoot me to death.
Depression ruined my personality and my mind
So this is how it ends (an Adult suicide)
I'm addicted to the idea of not existing anymore
My only goal in life is to earn enough money to repay my parents then kill myself
WHY CAN'T I JUST FUCKING DO IT!
Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”
Every minor inconvenience. Every slight criticism. Every little thing that goes wrong. Whispers in my ear for me to just kill myself
Do y'all also feel like you don't want to be a part of this sick disgusting society
Depression has killed my brain
Planning my suicide makes me feel almost euphoric
Everyone wants me get help so I don't kill myself but nobody wants to talk to me and help me by just talking to me
I'm deciding not to take my life.
I don't want to kill myself, I just want to die.
THE ONLY REASON I'M ALIVE IS BECAUSE I'M PROCRASTINATING ON KILLING MYSELF
Every time I get the slightest bit of motivation I get hit by reality like a ton of bricks
I don’t even cry anymore when I brainstorm ways to kill myself.
I hope I die in my sleep
I wish I was dead
I’d rather kill myself than work on myself and change
I turned out to be everything I didn't want to be
I can't believe normal people just don't want to kill themselves.
Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
I hate being autistic
The worst thing about life is that it's fucking boring
I’m a robot
why did my parents have to have me
Being unemployed due to mental health listening to my friend brag about how much money he’s making/spending working from home
Fuck google
I feel so alone I just wish I had someone to hug me
i'd rather die than get a job
I'm a failure as a man
Why does every inconvenience trigger suicidal thoughts?
I hate waking up.
I wish i could die faceless.
I should have killed myself in high school
Who else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?
Suicide is like a security blanket
Well, 2023 really sucked
I wish COVID would have taken me.
You know what sucks? Being suicidal and having no one to talk about it.
I’m going to end my life in December.
i like it here
40 years of suicidal thoughts
i tried to commit suicide today
Any body else feel, stressed/anxious /guilty/hopeful /hopeless /scared/sad /suicidal /all in around a 24 hour period give or take?
Happy people telling you to just "be positive"
I told people about my suicidal thoughts only to get met with anger
Anyone also getting suicidal thoughts when seeing happy stuff?
No friends, no skills, no hobbies, no love, yet I'm told there's beauty in life.
ive only taken 1 shower/bath in the past 3 years.
My boyfriend (M24) tried to kill himself and I (M23) can't trust him anymore
Why do they get to die
Is it normal to think about death all the time?
I’m jealous of the people who have the courage to commit suicide
I'll be ignored again...
Is being passively suicidal a thing?
I wish I would die in my sleep
Opened to my sister (an MD) about my suicidal thoughts and issues with addiction. She drove me straight to the psych ward. I've been locked in a room for 8 hours with no doctors, nurses, food, water or required meds.
I’m sorry guys
Tired of needing money in order to live a life we never asked to be born into it…
I Miss Feeling Sad
Anyone else badly want a relationship but know it’s a terrible idea
Suicide is becoming a more and more attractive option each passing day.
Boyfriend, my only source of happiness, broke up with me. Everything in my life is shattering.
Going from suicidal to very happy all in the same day
Sleep 🛌!
I wish I had the balls to do it.
It's a vicious cycle when you feel like your wasting your 20's away but you don't have the will power to change it. When you'd rather die than see yourself waste away your young life.
isn't it funny, living for people who made you suicidal
Told my husband I survived my attempt. His reply: “Shut up.”
I'm Happy This Sub Reddit Exists
Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?
16m i got raped by woman
I "reached out" like you're supposed to. Only to be met with anger
When I hear about people who've killed themselves I get jealous
I want to die
An old friend of mine just posted a suicide note and I don’t know what to do FUCKKKKKK
Everyday I wake up and decide to kill myself that evening
Failed attempt, where do I go from here?
Fuck the World.
I wish I can just disappear without a trace...
Too Cowardly To Kill Myself But Too Depressed To Keep Living
I am going to end my life tonight.
finally time?
I am not afraid of committing suicide
I just survived a suicide attempt. And I just felt like I needed to say that to someone. (NSFW)
My secret suicidal thoughts are getting worse. It's getting harder to disobey. And I dont want to tell anyone
one hour after I tried to kill myself I had a panic attack. my mom told me to stop because "I caused enough of a scene today". I dunno, I just never really forgot about that.
I don’t want to be here
Suicide is a solution to a permanent problem
How beautiful it would be to not wake up
I don’t wanna kill myself but I can’t live with myself, I hate myself
The emergency room treats people with mental health issues like shit.
Stop telling people it will get better
Letter to myself:
I think my mom knows that the end is near
ive become so sensitive that even the most miniscule things make me suicidal.
Sure, it gets better, but then it goes right back to being fucking awful.
Dead kid... wtf should I keep going
Anyone else stuck with a permanent blank face with the only emotion being sadness and resentment?
I HATE THIS WORLD SO FUCKING MUCH! EVERYONE HELPS ONLY THOSE WHO LEAST NEED IT! THE POOR GROW POORER AND THE RICH GET RICHER! FUCK THIS!
someone in my block might have just committed suicide
No offense but i rather kill myself while i am in my 20s than wasting my entire life working for the success of someone else-barely surviving in this cruel world .
I attempted suicide in 2004. I was told things would get better. 19 years later I can tell you that they don't. They really don't and I feel stupid and gullible for having believed this.
when im suicidal i feed pigeons
I'm tired of living my life in a cycle of being okay and then suddenly being depressed and suicidal.
im so fucking depressed to the point i even forgot why im depressed....does anyone feel the same way?
If only dying were as simple as pressing “shut down” like on a computer
The fear isn’t in dying. My fear is failing to commit suicide and the pain that I’ll feel as I try.
WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.
Fucking hell
Suicide hotlines are bullshit
I tried to kill myself 2 days ago
It's time to say goodbye and end this suffering.
Maybe dying isn't bad, maybe it's only silence and peace and nothing.
I'm about to send an email
i am hopefully dead before morning
This shit is rigged.
It feels like you can't be taken seriously unless you commit suicide.
I really really don’t want to but I don’t know what to do
I got a gun to kill myself and my parents found out about it before I could do it.
Every day my desire for suicide increasessssssssss
Thinking about killing myself makes me feel calm
So scared to die because I might even fail at that.
Im going to kill myself in few hours .
TW. Failed suicide attempt, currently admitted in the hospital
I want to commit suicide as a means of escaping adulthood.
Casually suicidal?
I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
Thousands of people die everyday, why not me. I wish I could give my life to someone who actually wants to live. I just want to die. Please.
update: gonna attempt again and succeed this time
I'm jumping off a building in a few hours to end my pain.
I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep
Do you ever just want to talk to someone about your suicidal feelings but then anxiety grabs you by the throat and chokes you until you have a breakdown?
I just got tricked into getting a lady pregnant, I'm destroyed
I plan my suicide 1-3 times per day
The love of my life killed himself three weeks ago
Whoever says life is a gift can fucking catch these hands
Can you imagine being genuinely happy?
Truly believe life isn’t meant for everyone.
i’m sick of living. i feel like i’m just, done. my rapist gets away, i get called a liar. it haunts me in my dreams, and it haunts me when i’m awake. i try to bury that memory, but it’s impossible. i need help, but i’m too scared to seek it. i want to die, but i don’t want him to win.
I don’t want to die. I just wish I had never existed in the first place
I want to kill myself, pls read this.
Bye guys. I had a good run.
My daugher passed in my arms 5 days ago
Why the fuck do parents continue to treat their children like trash even when they know they're suicidal? One minute they're like 'Oh my god honey I'm so scared for you I'll do anything" and the next they don't give a shit
I’m struggling to find a reason to hold on
Its amazing how people act so attention-seekingly on social media when people die. Its one of the reasons i wont kill myself.
I raped a kid
Every time I hear that someone I know committed suicide, I feel jealous.
I regret not killing myself last year. I don’t want to exist in 2023.
Every second is either extreme pain or extreme insomnia and delusions.
Anyone else feel like they just aren’t meant for life?
being an ugly girl makes me want to kill myself so fucking badly.
I go from okay, even elated, to suicidal in a matter of minutes, even seconds.
Therapy was the worst thing that happened to me
No matter how bad it gets I have music
I feel more suicidal when i see people with a better life
No matter what I do, I just spiral back to wanting to die. No fucking reason. I just want to cease existing. Does this shit make sense?
I was going to do it but called my aunt instead
My mom threw a knife at me.
A follow up
In twenty six days, I am throwing a moving away party. I don't have the heart to tell my friends I am thinking about taking my life shortly afterwards rather than go through with my move.
I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymore
I wish that we could talk to people without the risk of being admitted to a hospital/pych ward.
How is suicide a permanent solution to a temporary problem when the problem is life?
My partner tried to kill herself yesterday
I regret not killing myself at 14 now I'm 23 and EVERYTHING BECOME SO MUCH WORSE.
Some people are just not cut out for life
I just want to love a girl and be loved why is that so impossible?
Does anyone else just wish someone would come up behind them and just shoot them in the head?
I pulled the trigger
why do i have to work? why am i forced to work? why can't i just live without working
ever feel like you weren't meant to be in this world?
I cry almost every night because I did this disgusting thing and I can’t stop thinking about it
Fuck fear
It’s my 25th birthday
Rape has turned me into a suicidal mess 16F
What’s the point of a life without love?
Went to the ER for suicidal thoughts … huge mistake
id kill myself for a hug
Fuck this pointless world
Does anyone get horrible, horrible heartache that literally is so physically painful?
I just woke up from a suicide attempt
I'm NEVER opening up about being actively suicidal again.
16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
My sister told me to kill myself (part 2)
I just want to sleep and never wake up again, anyone else feel the same?
I wish I could do it. I’m so angry I have to stay alive for other people. I have to suffer so other people are just a-okay. God, why can’t I just die in my sleep?
“Have you made any plans to kill yourself?”
“hang in there” is a stupid thing to say
I’m alive.
Dating in Utah fucking sucks
This is not living man. Just pretending to be happy and watchi g the years go by only to end up dead anyway. Mother fuckkkkkkkkkerrrrrrr ahhhhhhhh
I tried to kill myself yesterday and now i’ve lost everyone i cared about. 
Homeless at 19 with no where go go. I'm done
People only care when you show serious signs such as suicidal thoughts, but when you're honest about those feelings they cower.
Therapist cried throughout my session about my suicide
Don’t you just hate when you wake up and your still alive? I just want to be dead so bad but I’m such a wuss to do so. Honestly what’s a better way to kill myself, getting hit by a train or jumping off a bridge?
"YoU oNlY gEt To lIvE oNcE"
I want to commit suicide on Xmas Eve just like my sibling
I just want to sleep and never wake up again.
All my affairs are in order. Just wanted to say goodbye to internet strangers.
I told my boyfriend I felt suicidal so he blocked me on everything without a word.
I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough
funny when they say "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
Born to die?
The only reason I'm still alive is because I'm too scared to kill myself
I wish that no one loved me so I could just die without causing people pain
I'm gonna kill myself tonight. Wish me luck!!!
I wish I was brave enough to end it.
Finally stopped— pet cat was the solution
I hate showering I hate it I hate it I hate it but I have to do it why why why why why I don’t even care about my life but I have to smell nice for my mental health appointment help why why
My whole family pressures me to talk to my rapist uncle
It's my 26th birthday today. I have severe BPD, I am alone, and my mom used my birthday card as a way to argue how BPD isn't caused by abuse and that she is a perfect angel who has never done anything wrong.
even though i felt like killing myself i went to this art therapy class and made something today
Just wanted to say fuck the suicide hotline
People don’t care about men’s mental health.
the only thing that excites me is my death
I fucked up and told somebody
sorry I ever existed
My 15 year old brother hung himself and all I want to do is die too...
Why bother living at all ? Life is just working, being anxious until the day you eventually die, despite knowing that in the end, you'll die anyway. I can't be free in this world. Death is the only way to be freed.
It doesn’t get better
It's like i died years ago and now im just a walking talking corpse.
I want to die but don't want to kill myself
sleep is the best, nothing to worry about til the morning.
The Foo Fighters saved my life
I would rather kill myself than grow as a person
Don’t fucking have kids if you’re going to make them feel like shit
Girlfriend cheated on me and is pregnant
i don’t want attention, i don’t want anyone to notice me. i just want to leave
I really just wish someone gave a fuck about me
This world is messed up.
I’m so tired of not having a social life, I’m tired of being mentally ill, I just want to die
i am killing myself on new years eve
Gay in a muslim country thinking about suicide
Ever feel like you want to just go to sleep and never wake up instead of actually dying?
Two people had sex in the 90s and somehow that's my fucking problem
wtf is the point
Fuck you.
Tried to hang myself last night. Didn't work and I don't know what happened.
I wish I could fall asleep and never wake up
I have court in 7 hours and want to kill myself before it happens 
Had a crisis team called on me
Attempted suicide 3 hours ago but nobody knows... 19M with no ambition of moving foward
People around me either say they understand or they will listen to me cry about my depression and suicidal thoughts. The truth is, they neither understand, nor do they care about listening to me. They only say it so they could look like the good guy and get virtue points
Does anyone here talk to literally no one. Like no friends. I’m rotting
I hate this fucking world
What the absolute fuck
who decides this fucking shit
I want to die but afraid of dying!!!
Young doctor (29yo) with suicide thoughts
I told my mom I'm suicidal, she forgot.
I don't want to kill myself I just don't want to be alive.
So this is my final goodbye
Can someone just hug me while I cry?
My BF thinks suicidal people are all weak, cowards and he has zero empathy for anyone who either wants to, attempts to, or has committed suicide (spoiler alert: I am sometimes suicidal)
I know I can NEVER be the person I truly want to be and it KILLS me.
If I ever get corona I am gonna make sure that I fucking die.
I'm 12
I have no friends. Nobody ever contacts me first
i mainly stay alive to not make others sad
I hate when people say "it will get better" don't give me hope, cause so far it keeps getting worse
Does anyone else feel like they don't want to kill themselves but they wish to die everyday?
"people care about you"
I don't want people to remember me.
never gonna live to be a teenager
Its so expensive to live we might as well just die
I can't do it anymore, I miss her too much
i hate when people say you need to “push through it”. i have been, i’ve been pushing for my whole life and maybe i have no fight left in me.
I'm killing myself right now
I wish I could trade my body to someone with cancer while I can get their cancerous body. Then we could both get what we want. The person with cancer gets to live, and I get to die.
I'm a waste
Can't even have the smallest fucking things.
I fucking hate my brain
I got my fake gun and I am going to use it to do suicide by cop
Today is my Birthday...
You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?
My Wife Attempted Suicide
I never asked to be born
I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
It’s 4am. I have my first class of the semester in 5 hours and I can’t sleep
I wish boys were allowed to be feminine without being judged.
My THERAPIST literally just ghosted me...
I hate when someone tells you to “just get help”
Nothing in life interests me. No goals, no ambition, no motivation. What am I living for?
I hope i die in my sleep. Everyday.
I'm killing myself in 6 h. I'll jump off a building
I hate being told I have choices in life
Every single night I think about killing myself before sleeping.
My father is tired of me “hurting” my mother. He is offering to find me an apartment so I can live alone and away from her. I will use this opportunity to kill myself.
TW (suicide) NSFW
I'm so dead inside that actual death is simply a formality.
Being discharged off my section soon and going to jump off a bridge
I'd kill myself today if it wasn't for my family. I'd ruin their lives
Is there really a good reason to be alive?
I hate the lottery system of life
I am killing myself tonight.
What the fuck is wrong with me!
Passive Suicidal Thoughts
Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?
How do people cope with having a job their whole life? At 11yrs (now 24) I realized that any kind of work/school (even part-time) makes me depressed, and meds don't work.
I think it's time I just give up. I've never really had but one friend. My wife who died at 23. My family abused and abandoned me since I was a child. I'm 38 now. I've been through so much more than this. Things will never be ok for me.
I often talk others out of suicide, but I myself don't wanna live.
I've grown to despise life and people.
This will get lost in a sea of Suicide notes
Hi i went from 100% certain i want to kill myself to not knowing what to do... I guess its an improvement? Thanks ya all that helped i would be dead by now if it wasn't for you all... Im looking forward to seeing what the future will bring... Cheers on ya all!!🥰
Humanity is the worst race to be a part of
it's creepy how we have to be fake as fuck to survice in this world.
What the fuck am I honestly?
I've been on the verge of suicide for weeks. Sitting outside the emergency room and trying to decide if I should go in or go home.
I’m losing everything
It's 11:40 and I'm gonna kill myself at midnight.
I want to kill myself. And people know. But they don’t care. I hate myself so much. I just don’t want to live anymore.
I don’t need a rope. My severely autistic son is going to beat me to death.
I don’t want to die, but I no longer want to exist.
I'm suffering constantly I just want it to end
Y'all ever just lay down in bed in the fetal position and cry and just try to will yourself out of existence for a couple hours?
I just tried to strangle myself with a rope because I have nowhere to hang myself at the moment so I just tied it around my neck and pulled it and I could still breathe so it didn’t work.. I want to kill myself right now but I even fail at that.. what is wrong with me...
College is stupid and it makes me want to die even more
I'm 25 minutes away from death
I just told my parents im suicidal
My final suicide note, goodbye
I am ending my life tonight
Society just can't stand you don't want to do anything
Uhhhhhh…. Why ain’t I dead?
I use suicide as motivation and comfort
i did it
People don’t care for real
I've broken away from Christianity
I think I have prostate cancer and I'm not doing anything about it.
Im depressed because I can't work and can't work because I'm depressed
Why is dying so hard lol
Not to brag or anything but I haven’t considered suicide in like 7 minutes
I don't want to be alive if this is what it means
How do I get out of an abusive household with no money, no friends, no ID, no phone? (22F)
Humans :)
Does anyone else feel like they have to commit suicide to get revenge on the people that hurt me, to tell the world I am not gonna put up with its crap, and to that I have to do it to ask the world to solve the problems I am facing for others?
Hey Santa, all I want for Christmas is to fall asleep and never wake up.
It's getting worse every day
first thought after waking up is "i want to die"
I got raped and nobody believes me
I would’ve killed myself if I had a gun
I wish I could die without hurting the people I love
Sleep is my only way of escaping reality
Sleeping and dreaming is the only enjoyment I get daily, anymore
Not even really depressed - Simply realized that the way reality is constructed just doesn’t suit me
Just the thought of going back to school makes me sick
"it will get better" being the biggest lie ive been told. I desire suicide.
I could make 1000 posts about how depressed I am and not one response
I used to like sleeping but now even my dreams haunt me so maybe its just best to die instead
16M can I tell my therapist about my suicidal thoughts without him telling my parents?
I was raped when I was 13 twice by 2 different people.
Why does my brain instantly jump to suicide because of every little problem or inconvenience?
i hate that’s there no real help for suicidality.
This world is too fucking competitive 
